# Software Requirements Specification
## For QiskitFlow

Version 0.1  
Prepared by <author> Iskandar Sitdikov  
<organization> 
<date created> 8/02/2021 

Table of Contents
=================
* [Revision History](#revision-history)
* 1 [Introduction](#1-introduction)
  * 1.1 [Document Purpose](#11-document-purpose)
  * 1.2 [Product Scope](#12-product-scope)
  * 1.3 [Definitions, Acronyms and Abbreviations](#13-definitions-acronyms-and-abbreviations)
  * 1.4 [References](#14-references)
* 2 [Product Overview](#2-product-overview)
  * 2.1 [Product Perspective](#21-product-perspective)
  * 2.2 [Product Functions](#22-product-functions)
  * 2.3 [Product Constraints](#23-product-constraints)
  * 2.4 [User Characteristics](#24-user-characteristics)
  * 2.5 [Assumptions and Dependencies](#25-assumptions-and-dependencies)
  * 2.6 [Apportioning of Requirements](#26-apportioning-of-requirements)
* 3 [Requirements](#3-requirements)
  * 3.1 [External Interfaces](#31-external-interfaces)
    * 3.1.1 [User Interfaces](#311-user-interfaces)
    * 3.1.2 [Hardware Interfaces](#312-hardware-interfaces)
    * 3.1.3 [Software Interfaces](#313-software-interfaces)
  * 3.2 [Functional](#32-functional)
  * 3.3 [Quality of Service](#33-quality-of-service)
    * 3.3.1 [Performance](#331-performance)
    * 3.3.2 [Security](#332-security)
    * 3.3.3 [Reliability](#333-reliability)
    * 3.3.4 [Availability](#334-availability)
  * 3.4 [Compliance](#34-compliance)
  * 3.5 [Design and Implementation](#35-design-and-implementation)
    * 3.5.1 [Installation](#351-installation)
    * 3.5.2 [Distribution](#352-distribution)
    * 3.5.3 [Maintainability](#353-maintainability)
    * 3.5.4 [Reusability](#354-reusability)
    * 3.5.5 [Portability](#355-portability)
    * 3.5.6 [Cost](#356-cost)
    * 3.5.7 [Deadline](#357-deadline)
    * 3.5.8 [Proof of Concept](#358-proof-of-concept)
* 4 [Verification](#4-verification)
* 5 [Appendixes](#5-appendixes)

## Revision History
| Name | Date    | Reason For Changes  | Version   |
| ---- | ------- | ------------------- | --------- |
|      |         |                     |           |
|      |         |                     |           |
|      |         |                     |           |

## 1. Introduction
> QiskitFlow - platform for tracking, sharing and running quantum experiments in a clean and understandable for developers, researchers and students manner.

### 1.1 Document Purpose
Document prepared for giving broad context and purpose of the system.

### 1.2 Product Scope
QiskitFlow is a system for tracking quantum experiments conducted using IBM Qiskit framework. The system will be benificial for quantum developers, researchers and students in organization and keeping track of experimentation flow. 

QiskitFlow is build of 4 modules:
- library
- cli
- backend
- ui

Python library is a library for quantum program annotation. This annotation will be used to gather metainformation about experiment and store it in database for reference. 

CLI is used for tracking local experiments, sharing them to remote database.

Backend provides restful API for interaction for UI and CLI.

UI - user interface for tracked experiments visualisation.


### 1.3 Definitions, Acronyms and Abbreviations

`Experiment` - general abstraction for tracking metadata of quantum program.

`Run` - execution of annotated using Experiment abstraction quantum program

### 1.4 References

-


## 2. Product Overview
> QiskitFlow - platform for tracking, sharing and running quantum experiments in a clean and understandable for developers, researchers and students manner.

### 2.1 Product Perspective
QiskitFlow is independent open-source software which is installed alongside with Qiskit to enable users to handle their experimentation flow. 

### 2.2 Product Functions
Summarize the major functions the product must perform or must let the user perform. Details will be provided in Section 3, so only a high level summary (such as a bullet list) is needed here. Organize the functions to make them understandable to any reader of the SRS. A picture of the major groups of related requirements and how they relate, such as a top level data flow diagram or object class diagram, is often effective.

### 2.3 Product Constraints



### 2.4 User Characteristics



### 2.5 Assumptions and Dependencies



### 2.6 Apportioning of Requirements


## 3. Requirements




### 3.1 External Interfaces



#### 3.1.1 User interfaces

#### 3.1.2 Hardware interfaces


#### 3.1.3 Software interfaces


### 3.2 Functional
> This section specifies the requirements of functional effects that the software-to-be is to have on its environment.

### 3.3 Quality of Service
> This section states additional, quality-related property requirements that the functional effects of the software should present.

#### 3.3.1 Performance


#### 3.3.2 Security



#### 3.3.3 Reliability


#### 3.3.4 Availability



### 3.4 Compliance


### 3.5 Design and Implementation

#### 3.5.1 Installation


#### 3.5.2 Distribution
QiskitFlow distributed as Open-Source Software.


#### 3.5.3 Maintainability



#### 3.5.4 Reusability


#### 3.5.5 Portability



#### 3.5.6 Cost


#### 3.5.7 Deadline


#### 3.5.8 Proof of Concept


## 4. Verification



## 5. Appendixes